# The Barbarian Prince

For more information see: http://save.vs.totalpartykill.ca/grab-bag/hexenbracken/


## 0101

The mayor of Ogon is involved in the goblin slave trade. Goblins entering Ogon are routinely hassled and arrested for minor or trumped up charges and fined outrageous amounts. Any goblin unable to pay is given the choice of having both hands chopped off or servitude. A goblin uprising is fomenting.

## 0102

A stone & wood bridge connects this region of farmland to the city of Ogon to the North. Farmers's children maintain a constant watch to stop crop thieves from the nearby mountains & forest.

## 0103

A small group of goblins make their home in the mountains and engage in banditry throughout the region. They are led by Mogden, a hulking brute of a hobgoblin.

## 0104

Former fields, now flower filled meadow, with the ocassional picturesque ruined farmstead.

## 0105

Haunted hills of broken red stone poisoned and lifeless from exposure to the Baleful Sign atop the pillars in the desert below (0206), sifting through the crumbling rock will find some marked with strange glyphs, seared on thier surfaces by ancient heat.

## 0106

4 harpies are staked to the ground with iron chains. They have been partially defeathered and covered in honey. They know a secret route between the oases in the Kabir Desert. They are also ravenous. One of the harpies wears a silver band around one of its talons.

## 0107

Crumbling red hills, broken rocks and ancient foundations seared clean of life by the Baleful Sign 0206 and haunted by the strange spirits of thier former residents, whose malevolent ghosts appear as shadow, disappearing at noon and night, and stretching, larger and stronger as the sun crosses above.

## 0108

Meadow and grassland, the citizens of Angleae construct wooden effigies here.  Scareceows with large round heads painted white.  Hundreds of the things dot the otherwise placid land all facing the hills to the North.

## 0109

The town of Angleae has odd traditions, a secret local langauge, and its residents share a similar pale cast to the haggard features that hang beneath thier moon pale eyes. They aren't unfriendly and will trade in wool and copper, but they are unwilling to talk about thier past.  The town shrine to a moon god hides texts in the same glyphs that mark the pillars to the North (0206) with the Baleful Sign

## 0110

Residents of Angleae graze thier flock of red and white sheep, and spiral horned goats on these meadows.  Flocks are guarded by armed shepards and accompanied by huge white dogs with warty skin that can turn aside arrows.

## 0111

This part of the forest is old – very, very old. The trees are gnarled and twisted, and the floor is ankle-deep in leaf-litter. The canopy is thick and visibility is poor. There is a dryad watching the party, an essential spirit of the woods – it is entirely invisible but will attack if the forest is not respected. If the party passes through without disturbing anything too much, they will find a bronzey leaf next to their fire next time they camp. It gives the owner advantage on stealth checks.

## 0112

Fine open grasslands covered in thick sod that occassionally rises in od hummocks.  Beneath some of these hummocks are ancient barrows or even stranger, the ruined, dirt fused remains of even older machines.

## 0113

The barrow studded meadows here are deceptively safe.  The swamp to the South is exapnding slowly, and a carpet of yellowing sod coneals many pools of icy water that have bubbled up from below.  A carefree traveller can easyily fall through the wildflower and grass strewn surface and drown, trapped in the muck beneath.

## 0114

A cold swamp fed both by the Nesser river and several springs of icy cold water from deep in the earth.  The Llewylla Moor was once home to a vast field of ancient barrows, but most have now sunk beneath the slime and rotting vegitation of the cold swamp.  Ancient bodies hang here and thier in the red acidic waters, perserved in thier tomb finery of blackened leather and carved bone sigils that promise potent curses.

## 0115

The moor here is less watery then on the North side of the river, and fewer barrows vomit up thier anicent dead here, but it is a desolate and morbid place all the same.  A large mound visivble from the river appears to be the work of ancient builders, and if excavated contains a rude stone step pyramid and the tombs of ancient kings protected by the gods of carrion and terrible curses.

## 0116

An encampment of goblins, a number of double-amputees among their number, are readying for a major battle.

## 0117

Regularlly cut by the men of Galden the forest here is full of logging roads and has an oddly manicured feel.

## 0118

Charcol burners out of Galden have built thier poor huts here and tend thier mounds with stoic indifference to goblins (0116) or the spectral wolf they say hunts thier adolescent men.

## 0119

Three shepherds cull a herd of blue-eyed piebald sheep, slaughtering any animal that does not have at least 2 patches of black wool.

## 0120

These well manicured meadows are filled with small streams and numerous butterflies.

## 0122

The Steward of Drogat Castle believes that the luscious blue grass here provides the best feed for the "King's Herd" and all other domestic animals are forbidden from grazing here under penalty of fine for thier masters and 2 days of hanging by thier thumbs for the unfortunate beast.  This fact is noted by an ocassional post with a worn handbill tacked to it.  Herdsmen armed with long whips, slings and steerhide jackets (some with horns attached) graze a herd of over one hundred fine cattle here most days.

## 0123

Less a forest and more a garden, the Steward of Drogat maintains this land as a preserve for the "King's Hunt", and the animals (though 'culled' see (0323)) have never been hunted.  Does fed only on lilac are carefully fattened (and then starved for better access to thier skin for glove making), rabbits eat buttercup oblivious to the young pages who mind them (and carefully lead off any who aren't the purest white for slaughter), and all the while hard eyed foresters, ledger or long bow in hand, watch from thier hidden blinds among the ancient oaks.

## 0201

A blind and mute ferryman offers passage across the TRAGOTH RIVER. At the sloping foot of a mountain, a tavern keeper serves food that turns any who eat it into a piebald sheep. The sheep are turned over to a fallen druid named Erd, who sells the sheep to farmers near GALDEN (Hex 0216). Once a month, Erd allows the tavern keeper to groom her elk mount, which is actually the tavern keeper's son who is being held hostage.

## 0202

Great woods tumble down in a cacophony of root and branch and heavy bough, hugging the TRAGOTH RIVER and resound with the chittering of the _Red Squirrel Clan_ of sentient dire squirrels. The squirrels guide friendly visitors along the Paths of Portage for a fee, but deeper in the woods _mushroom traps_ and _poison ivy pits_ block and confuse access to the sentient, sessile GREAT OLD LINDEN.

## 0203

The squirrels' Paths of Portage drive through beneath heavy boughs, giving fee-payers easy access further south. In the tangles, however, _Flying Squirrels_ hide access to the GREAT OLD LINDEN. The Great Old Linden has magic abilities as a lich, though applying to mushrooms, trees and squirrels instead of the undead.

## 0204

The trees give way to the shattered shale and lumpen limestone levees, rising up like mute testament to some forgotten lithic civilization. Gargantuan stone axes and scrapers may be found. In some caves the bones of dire cave bears are arranged in crued curse forms, covered in dust and forgetfulness. In the heart of the stones is a GLEAMING TRIPORTAL of polished lilac lepidolite (a kind of mica) with circular key altars that fit the meteoric iron statue and the god beast flesh statue. A giant cavebear wight is said to haunt the ruins and seek riddles and mice.

The Triportal can be activated as a teleportation hub. A meteoric iron statue from (912) creates a link with that location. Using the portal has a 40% chance of casting stoneskin on the user and a 30% chance of slow.

## 0205

Broken red rock hills that side uneasily into a glassy cracked sheet of fused sand.  The landscape was seared long ago by the Baleful Sign, The hills are safe enough, though bare and lifeless, but the razored fragments of the glassy desert will quickly maim horses and even travellers on foor who lack armored boots.

## 0206

The ruins of an ancient megastructure, tall pillars of white gleaming stone, driven into the earth like fallen arrows.  Each pillar is featureless save for strange glyphs 10' high near thier tops the Baleful Sign. If the unknown glyphs are read in the correct order they will emit searing rays that will poision the land around. Harpies nest atop the pillars, each nest plotting against the others. Nearby a poison oasis is surrounded by bones.

## 0207

An old road ends here among shattered hills.  The ruins of a fortress, molten by the ancient magics of the Baleful Sign guard the road where it cuts off in a chasm of cracked burnt looking rock.  The magic twisted geometery of the fortress is haunted by more shadow ghosts and howling spectres, but beneath its ruins is a sealed arsenel of strange weapons.

## 0208

A wide ancient roads leads from ANGLEAE into the wastes to the North.  Moon worshipping 'renegades' from the nearby town camp here with thier giant pale dogs, and waylay travellers to sacrifice in orgiastic monthly rituals.

## 0209

Gentle rolling land with a long low ridge provide more pasture for Angleae's shepards and thier huge pale dogs.  This is ANGLEAE's breadbasket and dells and meadows here have been plowed and planted with round bluish white-squash and large grained barley on ugly yellow stalks.  Armed farmers sleep among the stalks during the harvest and planting seasons.

## 0210

These wildflower strew meadows are the haunt of a ratlegged devil wearing a mask made of cracked china.  She sings beautifully, accompanying herself on a small drum, though her songs are always tales of love that end in murder.  She will cheerfully trade mortal souls for information.  She knows many things (can answer one question truthfully per soul sold) but has clauses voiding any deal that will reveal the secrets of the Gods.

## 0211

A band of 41 Southern spiderherd desperados, clad in quilted silk armor and large hats.  They seek to beseige the town of Angleae with thier light repeating crossbows until it gives up it's priests, who they will toruture with thier wavy bladed fighting knives until they admit to blasphemous moon worship and human sacrifice.   The warband is led by a foolish young noble atop a giant spider, who dabbles in horomancy, the sorcery of time, but fancies himself a true magus.

## 0212

Troubadors, bards and minstrels of the most saccrine kinf beleive these picturesque cliffs over the Nesser River offer a perfect spot for contemplation, songwriting and moddy reflection. There are currently 23 silk and velvet clad romantics here takignthe airs, and at least 8 of them would be happy to put a dagger or courtsword into anyone lacking in artistic appreciation.

## 0213

Boggy moors that stretch south to the river, interrupted by the ocassional ancient barrow, it's lintel stones marked with sigils that promise sinister curses for any who dare despoil it.  The waters here are acidic and red, with corpses and bones washed from the barrows - some of which will rise from the muck to drown travellers, or crawl to seek the warmth of a campfire at night.

## 0214

The heart of Llewylla Moor, where the barrows and thier mummified fruit are the thickest.  The ancient bodies that float here are often shrouded with a strange vines, growing directly from thier leathery flesh.  These vines produce white and black flowers that whipser the stories of the dead the plants devour, and thier sparse blue leaves are known as Yrr leaf, sacred to the acolytes of Zhor.

## 0215

The sheep herd of Galden are often grazed here before slaugther, fattened on the rich grasses that grow waist high among small bogs and pools.

## 0216

The eyes of the people of GALDEN have rectangular pupils. The citizens are never seen in less than groups of three. The town's economy is heavily based on processing the piebald sheep raised in the surrounding countryside. Spinners, weavers, tanners, butchers, and even a glue factory do brisk trade here. A visit to the slaughterhouse reveals that Galden sheep have human-shaped skulls.

## 0219

The tyrannical Steward of Drogat Castle has decreed that a giant compass rose is cut here in the turf, carefully tended by starving wretches fro the Steward's expansive dungeons.  Lime filled trenches are cut into the land by skeletal figures under the watchful eye of manitocre mounted knights far above.  The knights will swoop down on any who appear to slack or falter, offering them to thier mounts to devour.  The compass is allegedly an act of devotion to encourage the return of the lost king of Drogat Castle.

## 0222

16 cows walk unceasingly in a circle, Should a cow die (naturally or by the sword), another cow wanders in from the northeast and assumes its place, the dead being pummeled into the earth. The ground beneath their hooves is trampled to bloody, pulpy mud. In the middle of the circle, a strange rune has been burned into the earth.

## 0223

This area is dominated by the Spine of the World a non-magical rod of pure force about 2 inches in diameter and extending from the ground vertically in both directions (i.e. into the ground and the sky) for, as far as anyone knows, forever. It has an oppolescent shean much like mother of pearl but takes on irridescent colors from the sun, the moon and stars. It is neither hot nor cold to the touch and is perfectly smooth and nearly frictionless. 

It is surronded for about a mile in all directions by flooded diggings and structures built over melenia as peopleof various races have tried to determine just what the heck it is; the whole area is therefore reminiscent of the Somme battlefieds of 1916. At the foot of the Spine itself is a shaft of perhaps a mile deep about 50 feet across, the greatest legacy of the historical investigations, in which the Spine stands like an impossibly tall drinking straw in a riduiculously huge tumbler; the effect enhanced by the fact that the bottom of the shaft is full to an unknown depth with rainwater run-off. Many passages branch off the shaft, twisting and turning either up to the surface or down to the depths. Monsters are known to make lairs in these and the area is shunned for that reason: along with the fact that the impossibility of the Spine creeps most people out.

However, every now and then some mad archmage or dotty high priest spends to much time with with the mercury/incense and concocts a theory about how the the Spine must be harnessed/destroyed/investigated/protected etc.and therefore becomes willing to invest money and blood on their obsession. 

What, if anything, the Spine thinks of all this, it keeps to itself.

## 0301

The passes through these mountains stink with the smell of rotten flesh, and great wheeling murders of rooks swarm above.  Along each of the three passes, the slavers of Ogan impale goblin slave they catch trying to escape of defeated goblin warriors.  At night the spirits of the tortured goblins wail like harsh winf through the rocks.  They can devour and replace the soul of any human infant brought here.

## 0304

A hidden village nestled in the foothills, where they worship a female android nurse (recovered from the mysterious ruins deeper in the Barrier Peaks) as a goddess. As long as the goddess is given the sacrifices she demands, generally certain herbs and sometimes animals, she can provide the villagers with a healing spray that cures 2d12 hit points  three times per day, and an injection that can cure disease/poison or radiation poisoning once per day.  The people of the village have learned to speak her language sufficiently to request cures and understand her commands.   The villagers will resist anybody trying to take away their goddess, and the goddess will try to remain with the villagers unless commanded by somebody equipped with a violet or higher card.

## 0306

A lifeless waste, watched by scrawny harpies and difficult to cross due to the heat and razor edges of sand fused into glass that hide beneath the dust here. Crossing the sands will maim horses and lacerate travelers on foot if the who wear armored boots.

## 0307

Broken Hills above a the tractless waste, bordered by a thin line of grassy meadows.  A small wagon and campsite at the edge of the waste is the temporary home of Redfaced Vindin a petulent scholar of antiquities and part-time tomb robber.  He is currently using a telescope to copy the writings on the pillars at the small desert's center 0206

## 0308

Meadowlands dotted with round faced scarecrows.  A few of the bundles of sticks and rags are actually the poorly disguised bodies of dead travellers, sacrificed by the moon cultist renegades who lurk along the road nearby (0208).

## 0309

Sparse trees soon turn into a forest of oak and beech, filled with feral pigs that feast on fallen nuts and acorns.  They are unafraid of man and aggressively territorial.  All answer to the authority of the SAINT OF SWINE (0409)

## 0310

The stream the party has been following through the forest is suddenly running with gold: and growing from the bank is a silver tree with diamonds in place of leaves. These are both illusions, sprung by a satyr (the stream) and a sprite (the tree) having a competition (DC18 to detect): whichever one the party “falls for” first, the corresponding creature wins the bet. They will reveal themselves at this point and fight over the winnings, the loser refusing to pay up. The party could offer a trinket to settle it, or help the winner beat up the loser and take what's theirs, or whatever.

## 0319

A farmer & his daughter stand on the roof of a barn as a herd of Carnivorous Antelope devour a flock of chickens. The daughter pines for a life of adventure away from home.

## 0321

A herd of Carnivorous Antelope battle a mischief of Ratcoons. A squadron of Flying Monkeys watches from the branches of a small crop of trees, swapping bets and pointing out the better parts of the action. The monkeys are led by Serjeant Red Hand and are armed with javelins and short swords. They are currently under contract to the Steward of Drogat Castle (Hex 0323).

## 0322

Beautifully maintained farmland, with picturesque farms of unusual wealth.  The farmhouses nearest to the road are locked, and those further form it prove to be potemkin shells of gaily painted plaster.  The Farmers will be seen at twilight, bleak eyed men and women, who return to thier spartan barracks in Drogat Castle each night.  During the day they are guarded by plate clad footmen with flat, mechanical affects and the ocassional ribbion bedecked, manticore mounted knight.

## 0323

Drogat Castle is know as the Castle of (false) Smiles by most in the region.  It is a formidable fortress, its lower works made from ancient black stone, sagging with time and the effect of ancient seige weapons in places, and its upper works newer, fashion of dark and light stone to give the entire place a checkerboard pattern.  Drogat is well garrisoned, rish and very proud.  It is ruled by the 19th Steward of Drogat, as the last Kign vanished, leaving only a young son who died mysteriously.  The stewards have been excellent in maintaining Drogat's marches, but have a tendency to claim the misisng King's rights as an excuse to minutely manage and direct everything in thier perview towards greater and greater profit.  The knights of Drogat ride Black or white manticores and number 24, whicle the guards, foresters, footmen and levies are far more numerous.

## 0401

A pitifully small band of goblins dwells in a ramshackle treehosue of bark and twigs here, hunting in the forest for mushrooms and small animals. They fancy themselves far more ferocious then they are, and will loudly and proudly proclaim thier love of 'manflesh', though none have ever tasted it, and thier descriptions of its succulence, flavor and effects can easily be confused with other near mythical foods such as strawberries, pound cake and strong spirits.  If flattered and told they will be paid in 'manflesh' several of these creatures may be willing to take mercenary or henchman work.

## 0404

Among the crags and caves of nesting swallows that fill these mountains a pale stone cenotaph stands.  Climbing to it is dangerous but a close examination reveals that it tells a story of conquest with pictures and strange glyphs, much like the language of the BALEFUL SIGN.  The carvings speak of an army embarked atop great stone spears cast down from the moon to punish its terrestrial enemies with searing magical fire.

## 0406

A strange rock formation, a giant hollow boulder, carved with windows and strange petroglyphs and pearched precariously atop a spire of crumbling red stone marks the edge of the Baleful Sign's infulence.  The rock was once home to a band of silent hermits, but is now a lair for a small fanatical cult of moon worshipping bone puppeteers.

## 0407

These low polluted hills were lightly seared by the BALEFUL SIGN long ago, revealling rish seams of copper belwo the topsoil.  The people of ANGLEAE have set up several pit mines, which they work lackadasically during the summer and early winter.  The miners claim to be entirely unaware of any moon cults nearby (0406), (0208).

## 0409

Deep in the oldest part of the oak forest resides the SAINT OF SWINE an enormous boar, 10' tall at the shoulder.  When it's huge jagged tusk mouth is open the head and placidly smug, ageless face of a man is revealled, filling the unnatural beast's entire maw.  The SAINT OF SWINE is forever trapped within the boar's gullet, mean-spirited, boarish, boorish but alive, and only truely malicious to those who carry pig flesh in thier provisions.  He dislikes the fey who play games in his forest  (0310) and the has heard of the Dryad across the meadow (0111) who the Saint wishes to convert to his porcine faith.

## 0411

Swampland only remarkable for its unsurpassing ugliness and the extraordinqry gluelike quality of its grey mud.

## 0419

The townspeople complain of a plague of Ratcoons--rats with the markings and size of racoons. A tavern patron says he's seen similar creatures prowling the forest's edge on the road between Halowich and Lower Drogat.

## 0421

A single cow walks unceasingly in a circle on bloody stumps; it hooves are worn away to the ankle. The ground beneath the cow is trampled to bloody, pulpy mud and the battered and trampled carcasses of 255 cows are strewn about the circle. In the middle of the circle, a strange rune pulses and glows an eerie purplish-green light. From the center of the rune, pale white tentacles with hundreds of fanged beaks thrust out from the earth. The forest is completely silent.

## 0423

The farmers and their sons here loathe outsiders and shun any interactions with strangers. They are outright rude and violent. The farmers's daughters and wives, however, attempt to seduce every stranger they meet, regardless of gender. Every farm has at least six housecats and every farmhouse features a black granite carving of a curled-up, sleeping cat. Mice and rats are nowhere to be found; indeed, even domesticated mice and pet rats go out of their way to avoid traversing this section of land.

## 0506

There is a curious temporal anomaly in a valley in the middle of this hex – time here runs at triple speed. The area is deserted, since the aging effects are terrifying, but one or two farmers live on the other side of the hills and visit profuse orchards to collect triple harvests. Crossing this hex takes double time .

## 0509

Rulf Half-man lives in this hex – a long-lived and unpleasant half-orc hermit. Actually extremely stupid. He inhabits a cave and brews massively powerful cider using wild apples: he is drunk on it most of the the time. He will sell it, swap it for news of the outside world, or just give it away when drunk enough. He also owns 3 apples of life, which grow on one specific tree near his cave once every 9 years and do not rot. Eating an entire one is the equivalent of having greater restoration cast on you. Rulf doesn't know much but he knows what they are, and how precious they are.

## 0511

More desolate grey mud, stinging midges and ragged brown lilypads.  A friendly but off-putting old woman named Rizzela Punt lives in an half flooded barge festooned with dirty flags made of rags that is capsized near the bank of the Nesser river.  She sells dried frog jerky, 'swamp pearls', and hallucination producing incense.

## 0519

32 cows walk unceasingly in a circle, Should a cow die (naturally or by the sword), another cow wanders in from the northeast and assumes its place, the dead being pummeled into the earth. The ground beneath their hooves is trampled to bloody, pulpy mud. In the middle of the circle, a strange rune has been burned into the earth.

## 0520

An overturned merchant's wagon blocks the road.  The merchant and his assistant are dead; they have been gnawed to death. Their wagon contains succulent melons and gourds; eating any of the melons grants an immunity to disease for 24 hours. The gourds are just gourds. A dead Ratcoon is crushed under the wagon.

## 0522

An idiot savant performs magical experiments on small forest creatures in a dilapidated cabin. Strange hybrids such as star-nosed weasels and skunkbadgers stalk the woods.

## 0605

The strange, weathered outcrop of rock here is known in local folklore and ancient legends as Belazias' throne: supposedly it looks like a huge chair. Anyone clambering up to sit in it can see further than seems natural – PC can choose to look at something (their home, the next hex, their target) and DM must give them some surveillance info about it – but the player must take a DC15WIS save or be affected by a long-term madness as per DMG260.

## 0609

A temple has sunk into the muck of the bog. The doors are beneath the waterline, but at least two stones in roof are moveable. A band of 13 Frog People are performing cleansing rights within the temple; they are furious if interrupted. Within the temple's treasure room are the skeletal remains of twelve harpies; each has a silver band fastened around one talon. If the talons are removed, the harpy skeletons animate and attack.

## 0611

Wretched swamplands of grey mud and brown ropey weed that ends in ragged liliypads.  The swamp is home to four catoblepus, who, while solitary beasts of great gllom, lair at the foot of a pile of black rock, that also shelters an enormous colony of freshwater mussels which produce a profusion of lumpy green pearls.

## 0702

The land to the North is filled with savage tribes of might thewed warriors, obessed with thier own wars and spiteful cycles of vendetta.  Among the knee high blue grass of this area a Barbarian Prince - about nine years old, but still improabaly muscular, carrying a small sword and wearing only a (fancy) fur loincloth - stares into the river.  His eyes are watering from the 'dust', he is certainly not crying, but his family to the far North has been slain by raiders and his pony finally died here.  If treated kindly he will make a good henchman (F1 - even as a child) but his ultimate goal will always be revenge and conquest.

## 0703

What appears to be a simple cave is actually the entrance to a strange alien spaceship. The crew is dead, but robots and monsters wander the halls and rooms filled with alien technology.

## 0704

Green grass grows, tall and hearty among brittle bones. A blnket of them, the spngey yellowed bones of old death, men and horses both with only the mournful wind to tell their tales.

## 0705

Lovely forest, rich in game and filled with small pools that collect clear sweet water.  An abandoned hunting lodge and outlaying camps show signs of recent occupany.

## 0710

The marsh here has been nearly drained as a dike along the river prevents it from refilling.  The Seers at Branwyn's Temple decreed the dike be built as the only way to stop the predations of an enormous Froghemoth that dwells in the center of this isolated swamp.  With its habitat diminished, prey vanishing and barely enough water to cover its bulk, the Froghemoth has buried itself in the mud of the swamp and will only rise if the noise of prey (such as human travellers) disturb its semi-hibernation.

## 0711

The temple is deserted except for a large den of rabid Ratcoons. Hidden beneath the broken altar is an ingot of pure star-metal that burns to the touch. Disease follows it.

## 0714

There is a weftmeadow here – a strange geomantic occurrence, a weftmeadow looks like am infinitely radially symmetrical piece of pasture, with an odd, dazzling sheen to it, like a field viewed through a soapbubble. There is nothing dangerous in it – in fact it is utterly, perfectly safe – but the party will lose all sense of direction and exit through a random hex.

## 0720

Hired by the Baron of Halowich and the mayor of Brigud 26 mercenary hobblers out of Drogat Castle (several have family in Cumry) led by a renegade knight of St. Cindilla are preparing to eradicate the Hole People colony nearby(1019).  Even the callous mercenaries feel a bit chargrined about the mission, pitying the stone age troglodytes - they shouldn't. The Hole People will massacre them, popping out of holes to throw jagged stone spears, while thier dirt caller shaman summon mole swarms to cripple horses and  devour the mercenaries who fall prey to the Hole People's inummerable pit traps.

## 0721

The spiderherds to the South 'graze' thier giant arachnid livestock here as these misty copses of trees are risch in birds.  A devil with a mask of beaten copper dwells among the roots of a fallen try here in a cozy moss caulked cottage.  She wears a robe made from the skins of hypocritical priests (which still chant incomprehensible prayers).  She has no boons to trade but will instantly know the past crimes of anyone who lies to her, and will bind herself to keep this knoweldge secret in exchange for a mortal soul.  Otherwise she will reveal the crimes to the proper authorities by letter.  The Spiderherds know the Copper Masked Devil's tricks, but prefer not to speak of her.

## 0722

Semi-permenant camp of over four hundred nomadic spiderherds.  Wearing bright silk armor and large absurdly deocrated hats that show thier status and clan affiliations they are happy to trade news and goods, but somewhat fanatical in thier view that all relgions except the worship of Donat is blashphemous.  If angered the nomads will fight with repeating crossbows and long wavy bladed daggers.  Thier leaders are horomancers (time sorcerers) and often ride special domesticated giant spiders.

## 0801

2,000 copper-colored housecats watch the mating frenzy of 70 monstrous-sized Blasting Spiders with keening interest. The cats look ready to pounce.

## 0804

Generations of fervent belief by the warren of Hole People to the Northeast have caused a hideous slug godling - Filthsqaulor the Unhealthful to manifest in a series of water carved caves near the summit of this otherwise unremarkable mountain.  The creature is intelligent, very patient and very cruel.  It is also still mortal (As Giant Slug).  Recently Filthsqualor has started spawning spindly winged, disease spreading, bloodsucking slug demons (as stirges), flocks of which descend from its lair nightly and murder any non humanoid (other then Hole People) they find.

## 0806

A band of bards and troubadors have set up camp and challenge all whom they encounter to a singing contest. Winners are awarded a half-keg of fine mead. Losers must swallow a live newborn giant slug. The encampment has converted an entire wagon into a slug-egg nursery. There is a 30% chance that one of the bards, if drunk enough, will reveal he was born to the Hole People but escaped several years ago.

## 0816

-

## 0901

Jakor was only the most recent of a long line of foolish men to try to rebuild and hold this ancient keep.  His demise was predictible, as he and his warband were attakced from below by a mysterious army of dirt clad troglodytes after holding the keep for two years.  The Ruin of Jakor's Keep is a maze of monumental marble columns and detrius of ancient archetecture.  It still appears very defensible however.  A rough dock of unseasoned green timber is used by barges from Weshor to steal the ancient stonework.  Unknown to any, but obvious to anyone with a knowledge of thier ways, the ground beneath Jakor's Keep contains an enormous and ancient colony of diminuative Hole People.  Mostly oblivious to what happens above, and hidden by layers and layers of ruined caves filled with trash and detritus of Hole Person life, the colony will likely remain placid, but if disturbed, it is truely dangerous - A troglodyte empire, thousands strong, ruled with stone-age brutality by a half mole-demon cabal of Earth speaker sorcerers.

## 0905

A group of three filthy, scabby Hole People, exiles from the Warren to the Northeast (1102), cower in shallow pits during the day and wander confused by night.  All three are starving as lichen and slugs are hard to find in this lush grassland. The Hole People speak rudimentary common and if taught about a non-slug based diet might be convinced to act as henchmen (1st level halflings).  They are named: Skuto, Reft, and Slugibella are extremely agoraphobic and carry only stone chopper knives and dirty moleskin cloaks.

## 0907

The river here is fast, as it narrows between cliff faces carved with ancient stone faces.  All of the faces are haggard and drooping like those of the people in ANGLEAE.  All of the carved faces appear blind.

## 0912

Nanofossil studded limestone broken into fantastic shapes and natural bridges, home to wandering cybernetically enhanced terror birds and their natural prey, scab monkey troups who farm the air-filtering anemone-bushes. Chance of space-bending jumpfish mushrooms (on eating, dimension door 1d1000' feet and take 1d6 INT damage, exploding).
Also here is a Tomb Museum of the Prelithics carved inside a great eroded cube of nephrite studded concrete. Protected by madmen drawn here by the riddle of meteoric iron, inside a small labyrinth stands the _First Portal_ and the _Statue of Meteoric Iron_. Using the statue at the Triportal at (204)) opens a permanent teleportation tunnel between the two locations. Each use of the tunnel has a 20% chance of casting ironskin on the traveller and a 20% chance of casting sleep. Protective magics or a nephrite amulet protect from this.

## 0919

A dead Hill Giant is trampled into the mud. Close examination reveals she was dragged to this location.

## 0920

An untended flock of 3,000 sheep trample anything in their path.

## 0921

The huge swath of countryside is trampled to mud intermingled with bloody chunks of lamb.

## 0922

Two Hill Giants are locked in a fierce wrestling match while a priest from SULWYTH TEMPLE  adjudicates. The priest watches the match intently and warns outsiders not to interfere in the ritual.

## 1004

An ugly little town of depressingly poorly built cottages.  The townsfolk live mostly off robbery, animal trapping and hiring out thier youth as soldiers.  many of the towns residents are retired mercenaries and the entire place has an aura of seedy violence.  Of late things in CUMRY are on edge as villagers have been discovered in the morning slain by some strange terror, thier slime covered bodies partially melted and drained of blood.

## 1005

The degenerate mercenry bastards of Cumry use this flat to train thier youth in the art of "the dirty coin", the mercenaries 'way of survival.  The lands themselves are a patchy mess of grass and scrub with a few goat herds and a large number of sadistic animal traps scattered about. Cumry's elders send gangs of youth here to learn the 'dirty eyegouge', 'possum strangler', 'the irrefutable offer' and 'compound interest' among others essential strategems and moral imperatives of the mercenary. Bands of pugnacious and morally vacant youth roam this land, each led by and elderly, often maimed ex-mercenary with a heart like a shrivled lemon.

## 1007

31 brigands out of CUMRY are camping here in the forest preparing for a dusk raid on the town of CAWTHER.  Most of them are young and poorly armed with spears, wood felling axes and badly made light wooden shields.  Nive however are veteran mercenaries in good chain hauberks and equipped with crossbows, longswords, tower shields, and fighting spears.

## 1009

The townspeople make monthly pilgrammages to SULWYTH TEMPLE to bring offerings of cheese, wine, and sheep. The temple has recently demanded a six-fold increase in these offerings else The Jale God bring His judgement against them. The townspeople are worried they cannot meet these demands.

## 1011

A rag swaddled devil in a grey oaken mask sets up a red spider silk pavillion here and trades travellers "heart's desires'" for thier souls.  He writes the contracts in diabolic, so most of them are full of the typical nasty conditions, but they aren't lies.  The Oak Devil's actual powers to grant wishes are very limited and he prefers to use other travelers as his catspaws.  Currently he's looking for someone to steal (alive or dead, the contract didn't say) a young woman in a green silk jacket from the Spiderherds (0722) and deliver her to a lust blind idiot farm boy in Cawther (1009).  He's on a tight schedule so the Devil will pay in the red gold of hell or a favor.

## 1017

A lovely knight's pavillion of black silk, embroidered with roses and cranes stands by alone in these lavender fields.  Appraoching strangers will be met be a limping dwarf with haunted eyes and a black mask.  He will inform that his master, a knight of great renown, will fight any who wish to challenge him - and offers  10,000 Gold Coins (The red Gold of Hell again) to any who can defeat him.  Loss is to forfeit onself to service to the knight (by which he means forfiet one's soul).   The knight of the pavillion is a Seneschal of Hell, and cannot be harmed with normal weapons, likewise his sword of liquid shadows ignores all armor and he knows a word that saps strength (reduces it to 3 for a day) the strength of warriors.  He stands regally in black armor with a long black helm like the beak of a crane (under the helm is another similar helm with the same beak).  He has hired mercenaries 2020 to scout out Aeravir Castle and his enemy the Regal devil near the castle (2023) who's power he fears.

## 1019

A new colony of filth smeared diminuative Hole People (as halflings) is digging in here, destorying the lush meadowlands with stone maddocks and intentionally spreading urine to kill plantlife.  The colony of 102 (88 combatants) is only a month old and on its first set of shalllow pits, but if asked its members will claim to have "always been here".  They are not antisocial and have had a bumper crop of slugs lately that they will offer to outsiders.  If they learn of the existence of Filthsqualor the Unhealthful (0804) they will begin praying fervently to him and greatly increase his power.  If told of the Hole Person colony to the North ([1102]]) they will deny the possibility of its existence before becoming cranky and hostile.

## 1102

Mounds of dirt and rock abruptly rip up from beneath the grasslands.  This range of low hills is entirely unnatural, the product of generations of labor by a warren of Hole People.  The 3' tall human-like creatures (as halflings) live underground in filthy dirt chambers carved with crude stone tools and subsist on a diet of slugs and lichens they grow in thier holes.  Because of thier unsanitary habits Hole People warrens appear largely abandoned, with chamber after chamber of refuse and filth above the inhabited holes of the band. They worship a not entirely unreal slug diety (0804).

## 1104

Hidden within this swampy area the much diminished Valentini gang has set up a small military-style camp; they imagine the swift waters of the Nester will keep them safe from any vengeful clowns from CUMRY until they can find a good spot to relocate to. At any given time there are 2d6+10 human theives here along with 2d6 frogs. Among these are a cutpurse named Leopardo and the gang's current acting boss, Sebastiano Valentini, a powerful frog fighter. They have abundant treasure.

## 1107

Above the blasted wastes of this area, a black scree of flint, orange lichen and large thorny shrubs, floats a gleaming bronze paltform.  The saucer shaped artifact is home to a group of 45 bone pierced, clay caked berserkers, who descend in the early hours of the morning to hunt and raid in the lands around the platform.  They are widely reviled and the people of CAWTHER and CUMRY, as well as the giants and priests of SULWYTH TEMPLE would be pleased to see them die badly.

## 1108

The black flint scree here contains a fair number of glimmering bleached bones.

## 1111

A band of four (4) robust young hill giants wander, entirely lost, through these mountains snacking on bighorn sheep. The giants are on a pillgramage to Sulwyth temple to try thier strength at shifting the immovable" and wrestling the priests there (they will lose).  They don't want to get into any tussels in the meantime, but could really use some 'muscle food' - especially a few juicy bullocks (0122), for which they would pay with the contents of thier sacks (gold and rotten meat) and promises of friendship.  The giants are also flumoxed by the twisty little mountain paths here and could use some directions/guidance to Sulwyth Temple, but they won't admit they are lost.

## 1119

A village of frog people (3d30) lies half-submerged in the the foulest, most stagnant part of the swamp. The leader of the village and several of the stoutest warriors forged an alliance with a roving band of misfits (Hex 1104) and have been missing for several weeks. The shaman has been making decisions in his stead and has fed all the female froglings highly hallucinogenic Botchi Flies in an attempt to channel the Divine Braaaap of the Frog God.

## 1205

A battle was fought here recently, between men in bronze and iron armor and men with heavy hide shields and bone scale robes.  Both sides have left at least fifty dead on the field, and most of the bodies are unlooted.  Carrion and other scavengers gather.

## 1212

A bastion of reason, good lordship and tolerance, Huldra Castle was once a forbidding fortress devoted to demon gods, and while there's only so much whitewash and bunting can do about monumental skulls as a decor choice, the current Lord Huldra is a welcoming fellow, who wishes only to extend free trade, scientific argronomy and basic rights for all sentitients.  He's allied with many of the goblin tribes, and some of the more open towns, but has a distrustful relationship with Drogat Castle's tyrannical Steward and Aeravir Castle's dreamy chauvinism and casual appraoch to slavery.  Huldra Castle sponsors many scientific and survey expeditions and is always looking for scouts and adventurers to hire on - though it does require extensive, magically augmented questioning to weed out the evil, corrupted and those lacking a proper respect for the common wheal from its agents.

## 1221

A platoon of 47 mercenary Flying Monkeys have set up camp. They lounge around cook fires smoking pipes, playing cards (mostly flume), tradings insults, and holding literal pissing contests. Their leader is Serjeant Tan Jerkins, who is looking to raise some fast cash to pay off debts to arms merchants in TULITH (Hex 1415). The platoon is well-armed with crossbows, spears, javelins, war sporks, spiked clubs, and scimitars. The Flying Monkeys are extremely sociable and friendly if approached, but can turn into a snarly mass of fury if provoked. They will not undertake any mission involving Hex 1212.

## 1301

A knight of St. Cindilla lays dead here, back against a wind twisted tree his white harness covered in curdled blood.  HIs war ram, 12' of despondent horned ovine pugnaciousness, stands guard.  In the dead knights hand is a map to the lair of  Filthsqualor (0804) the Unheathful, a quest he will never complete.

## 1303

A group of men and women (5) are camped on the plains. They are very aggressive, seeking people they can sacrifice to their ancient pagan gods. When first encountered they will be loudly praying.

## 1305

A barbarian princess boils the head of her dead husband, terrified to discover if she was right to slay him for indulging in a weak city woman. The brains will form a speak with dead broth. His love was trite.

## 1306

Tribal scouts of the Iron Rain hunts for signs of their chieftain's eldest daughter (who has run away).  A war is brewing between them and their rivals, the Hag Kings, since their eldest children were to marry but have instead, been consumed by dishonour (1304/1305). The Hag Kings, are about to open their barrows and let loose contagious Draugr.

## 1309

Donat's Temple is a tall spire of rock seemingly shaped enitirely by the elements and watered with deep cisterns of midnight black water.  Its preisthood is made up of horomancers, time sorcerers, as Donat is the diety of the 13th hour, the brighter noon, and the darker midnight.  Donat is a demanding deity, knowing that all other dieties are false because they will eventually fade, while he alone is timeless and always present in every moment simulataneously.

## 1311

9 knights of St. Cindilla out of Weshor ride thier hulking, armored, war rams through these torturous mountians.  They are on a quest of spiritual errantry, seeking other dieties to worship briefly and perform tasks on behalf of so that thier followers will know of St. Cindilla's perfect magnaminity.  They are also violent youthful hotheads and will challenge any mounted and armed traveller they meet to a joust or duel, they are well trained and won't fight fair - but aren't ready to kill anyone intentionally.

## 1312

A sigil formed by the position of ancient white trees is found in the center of this dense forest. The sigil serves as a ward of imprisonment for an ancient witch, entombed in the earth below the center of the sigil. In her tomb she has used great magics to dig and search for an escape, forming a great labyrinth beneath the forest. She is imprisoned still. Only the destruction of the sigil will grant her escape. None from the nearby settlements will fell a single tree in this wood for fear of releasing her and they prevent all others from doing the same. Any humanoid that rests here is haunted by strange fever dreams of clawing, digging, and suffocating beneath the earth. They feel compelled upon waking to explore and perhaps to dig.

## 1314

There is nothing here, and the wind whispers it in the ears of travellers as they pass through this great expanse of grass and yellow flowered broom.

## 1316

64 cows walk unceasingly in a circle, Should a cow die (naturally or by the sword), another cow wanders in from the northeast and assumes its place, the dead being pummeled into the earth. The ground beneath their hooves is trampled to bloody, pulpy mud. In the middle of the circle, a strange rune has been burned into the earth.

## 1318

19 very devoted lay brothers of the 'reformed' Church of St. Cindilla, led by 'Exalted' Inquistor Remedius Fear Only Hell's Fires have set up an ambush on the North side of the bridge across the Dienstal Branch.  They are currently refortifying a long abandoned (and throughly haunted) tower some distance East with more of thier band, but currently guard the bridge and waylay travellers from ambush to force a toll of 10GP each out of them, and 'certifiy purity'.  The cultists are obsessed with lychnthropy, but have no reliable method of detecting its taint. They are suspicious of hair eyebrows, silver weapons (how else do werewolves fight eachother), druids, elves, anyone wearing red and bearded men.

## 1401

Hot and fertile these swamps are a balnket of green duckweed and large lotus in many colors.  Unlike the fishers across the river (1502) these swamp folk are devote followers of St. Cindilla and pay 60% of thier catch to the bishop at Weshor.  There children are skinny, there nets filled with holes and thier boats unpainted.

## 1402

A hallowed plot of land, roughly 50', stands out amongst the wilderness. Those of Lawful or Neutral alignment who enter the small patch feel a deep sense of tranquility crossed with the strange urge to stamp out the forces of chaos wherever they may be. Chaotic characters that enter the grove will collapse to the ground in agonizing pain (taking 1 damage per round they remain in the patch) and will be filled with a deep sense of melencoly and foreboding.

## 1404

Crows circle a tree hung with bodies (Hag King Warriors),  dangling by their ankles. One,  a young woman,  lives yet.  She claims to be from civilised lands. Her  husband was slain by a she devil.  Ghouls claw at the bark.

## 1407

A group of survivors from the battlefield to the Northwest, 23 warriors with large hide shields and bone scale armor are led by a wounded man in a bone mask.  They refuse to explain thier reasons for being here, thier goals or the nature of thier enemies, but know some about the desert to the South and ask anyone they meet if they have seen the 'Red Hands" who they describe as men in bronze and iron armor with absurd crests.

## 1408

A muscular, sinewy man is staked to the ground spreadeagle with heavy rope. His head and beard have been recently shaved and his chest branded with the shape of a large hand; it oozes blood and pus. Ants and scorpions team over his body, and the headless body of a rattlesnake lies near his head. He refuses to talk about his predicament and will attack anyone who cuts him loose, attempting to bite their ears off.

## 1409

A flock of harpies feast on a camel. One of them wears a silver band around one talon. It will not attack anyone wearing a matching band.

## 1415

TULITH boasts a large open market where anything can and will be sold, as the town enjoys the distinction of being the only town in the kingdom where taxes and tariffs are illegal so that commerce may freely flow. Given that many of the goods and services for sale here are banned elsewhere in the kingdom, the town guard's vigorous and disciplined forces are well-renowned. The town guard is empowered to arrest, convict, sentence, and execute criminals for all minor and major infractions, from disturbing the peace to murder; thus, the town enjoys one of the lowest crime rates of the settled lands.

The Merchant's Guild has recently learned that several members of the town guard are extorting numerous guild members.

## 1417

A tumbled tower stands on a rocky crag between the river and the edge of these forbidding grey woods.  It is home to 8 fanatical cultists of the 'reformed' church of St. Cindilla, who are currently fixated on hunting werewolves.  They wish to rebuild this tower into a 'Bastion of Faith!' and use it as a strongpoint from which to harass and kidnap travellers.  The guilds and guard of Tulith are not yet aware of thier buffonish fanaticism but if they were would likely pay well for their extermination, as well as that of thier companions in (1318).  The tower itself is haunted by the ghosts of a robber knight and his fourteen brave companions who died defending it from the men of Aeravir Castle in the distant past.  They now take the form of giant glossy crows that nest in the towers crumbling battlements.  They can talk, but mostly request human eyeballs to devour.

## 1421

With the face of a solem child and wrapped in a burial shroud this spindly insectile devil poles the waters of the swamp at night in a jaunty red painted raft with paper lanterns hung on its sides. The Devil will rescue those trapped by the swamps grasping quicksand and trecherous waterways without payment as he was bound to do so by an ancient saint.  He will still try to trade souls for things beyond rescue (implying recuse is also a condition of the trade) such as food, clean dry clothes.  The only magical boon the devil can grant is luck at games of chance (an 80% chance to win any game of chance) which he will also exchange for a mortal soul.

## 1422

Half sunk in the snakefish infested waters, blocked by half-mobile willow walkers, wallows a pumice palace, trellised by fleshy vines that pulse and blink viciously. Here and there a _giant snapping lilly_ or a _stinging juice sucker vine_ lie in wait for the careless wanderer. Beyond these vegetable villains, in the heart of the pumice palace, gargantuan gabro blocks make a cairn for the quivering, regenerating flesh of the god beast. Pierced by great lances of vitrified radiance, a portal of glass is built where its heart should be. There, a statue of flesh writhes and wriggles in it's radiant jar.

Placing the flesh statue on its stand in the TRIPORTAL at (204) opens a yawning teleportation portal to this spot. Using the portal has a 30% chance of casting enlarge on the user and a 50% chance of casting confusion. Holding a piece of raw meat in the mouth protects against this effect.

The vitrified radiance can be valuable for crafting weapons that pierce even godly flesh, however, removing too many may release the god beast. Also, both the local fibrous parasites and floating angel wisps may make such activity difficult.

## 1501

WESHOR is the raindrenched, sooty home of kvass-swilling astrologers and furtraders. Second conquest of the Good Knights of the Temple of St. Cindilla, seven generations past. Here their Prince-Bishop rules without challenge.

## 1502

Fisherfolk and religious exiles from Weshor dwell here, living thier lives on flatbottomed boats.  The frequently catch large silvery carp and a variety of urchins (including the deadly poisonous ghost urchin) among the carpets of vibrantly green duckweed, bright lotuses and towering reed beds.

## 1503

6 Ressurectionists camp here, storing thier wares in a set of old stone cisterns at the center of this small forest.  They are dirty uncouth men, but have the secret friendship of the Bishop of Weshor who relies on them to supply saints bones and prophet's bead hairs to his relic greedy flock.  They are very uncomfortable around visitors, but try to put on a friendly face and will share thier trade secrets with anyone who promises not to reveal thier camp location.

## 1504

18 Exhausted warriors fleeing the battlefield to the Southeast rest here under the trees at the forest edge.  They wear iron and bronze armor and thier helmets are decorated with tall hand shaped crests, some dipped in blood.  Thier leader, a giant of a woman with a broken nose says prayers over a grave containing 54 hand crested helmets.  The band will not explain itself, and becomes threatening is pressed.  They claim to seek the 'Secret of Steel' and are looking for a group of bone wearing desert dwellers they describe as "The Gristlemen" who they claim have stolen it.

## 1510

Tarantula stampede!  In the middle of the night, a seemingly endless wave of tightly packed enormous hairy spiders crawls over everything in their path like nightmarish multilegged lemmings with fangs.  They will not cross flames or pooled liquids, but climb over pretty much anything else.  Needless to say, this tends to sow panic amongst hirelings and pack animals, who will attempt to scatter into the surrounding desert.  After 15 minutes, the spiders are gone, leaving nothing but a genuinely enormous number of itty bitty footprints.

## 1516

Marcos Drury lives here on a Mulberry farm.  He is famous around the region as the Muffin Man. He travels far and wide selling his Mulberry muffins to all. But he escpecially likes to give muffins away to children.  Recently Mr. Drury has come under the influence of an ancient evil force of Chaos and now makes his muffins with a special ingredient.  The ingredient causes children who eat the muffin to transform into hideous, murderous monsters. There is no known cure.

## 1601

The dour and penetient followers of St. Cindilla farms this land from neat villages of whitewashed brick.  Each village supports a knight of St. Cindilla and his huge war ram, which leaves little besides gruel and prayer for the devote toilers.

## 1602

Dull grasslands, where dry grasses cling to life and long, lean hares gaze at anything larger then them with open defiance.  The Northern edge is marked with small cairns, each flying a flag of St. Cindilla's scared ram.

## 1604

A "natural" corridor runs through an ancient forest here... Used for ages by men and dwarves traveling from north to south through this sacred elven forest, this road seems anything but natural. If one were to dig just a handspan down into the rich earth they would find ancient red pavers. Huge stones roughly 3' x 3' x 3' with images of flying animals of all types carved into their surfaces. How far do these go? Who laid these cyclopean stones? No one knows, for they are ancient and the architects long dead. Magic suffuses them still though, if looked for, but it is a strange and narrowly focused enchantment. Any creature that flies no higher than 15' above this surface will be able to move 3x their normal speed w/ no ill effects. This potent magic ends at each end of the corridor through the trees.

## 1607

A long ago war has despoiled this once beautiful location. Two kingdoms in strife, warring over a riparian corridor through the desolation, met in a desperate struggle in this spot. But for the odd remnants of "trees" (long destroyed siege craft) on the outskirts of the northern edge of the oasis, all seems as it should, during the day. The water crystal cool, the shadow providing trees swaying in a gentle breeze, etc. But at night this is quite a different story. The restless dead rise again from their sandy graves. Water, once life sustaining, turns turgid, crimson and poisonous. A battle has raged every night with the living adding to the forces of chaos over the long years... This cursed place is studiously avoided by the aboriginal tribes, visited only during the light of day, staying well clear when the sun falls below the horizon.

## 1609

Around a fresh water spring is a lush oasis with numerous date, fig, apricot, and palm trees, and soft grazing grasses. Dozens of housecats gaze into the depths of a pool of crystal clear water, watching fish swim in a lazy circle. A brass doorknob protudes from the base of one of the palm trees. If the party waits long enough, a barely noticable door in the palm tree will open and a housecat will saunter out and join its brethren. See also Hex 1921.

## 1611

Lone and forbidding, the ancients called this mountian the "Maker of Men" and the children of ancient tribes claimed warrior status by climbing its razor edged cliffs and bringing back a single timeless bloom from the thorny black brambles that grace its top (such blooms will appear 1 per climber and allow a deathblow to be avoided at the cost of 1 level of experience). The climb is long, arduous and deadly, and in addition to the magical briars the mountian top is also the current home of the abbott of Donat, absent from Donat's Temple a time sorcerer of great power.  He hides here as his friendly demeanor makes it difficult for him to deny a reasonable request.

## 1616

Meadowland with more then its fair share of voles, moles, and gophers. Inexplicably these meadows are also overrun with feral housecats.  If anyone sleeps here, ignoring the pungent scent of feline territorial claims, the "Prince of Cats" will appear in thier dreams, asking them to free his 'people' from the curse of the Baleful Sign, and the lure of the  hypnotic oasis (1609).

## 1701

The Sytlites of St. Cindilla gather here, dragging marble pillars from the Runis of Jakor's Keep, and floating them on rough barges to erect among the cold broken scree here.  The devout of Weshor bury any stylite who falls with grave ceremony and bring the holy men food as they sit atop their broken pillars contemplating the divine.

## 1702

A Pardoner of St. Cindilla meets with a gang of ressurectionists (1503) at the foot of a broken stone pier, among desolate fallen slabs of brown and grey rock. On nights of the new moon the Pardoner trades the Bishop of Weshor's bright gold for the grubby shattered bones of holy Stylites (1701)

## 1703

Leaping from precarious rock to tettering crag is a magnificent bighorn sheep, its white coat covered in black star shaped patches.  This creature is the immortal embodiment of ovine perfection.  It will stare at travellers, seemingly daring them to catch it on the rocky slopes and sheer cliffs of the mountains.  Those that try will fail, as the sheep's path is incredibly dangerous, full of crumbling rocks, hidden chasms and loose scree.  Any who manage to follow the sheep for more then a few minutes will be granted its boon (a permenant bonus to agility, the ability to speak to sheep or impressive curling rams horns).  The sheep will dodge any missile attacks directed at it and punish those who seek to harm it with crippling joint pain, clusminess or sheep-like stupidity.

## 1708

A devil in red laquer armor with the face of a dead maggot gnawed dog has been banished here to eke out the few souls he can.  He's a murderous combatant, and  resort to violence, forgeting his mission to gather souls via legitimate contracts and bargin for exchange if made angry.  He fights with small barbed darts and a flail made of posionous snakes.  The devil has little to offer in exchange for souls beyond directions of guidance to the desert's oasis.

## 1709

These jagged dry hills contain numerous dusty cairns of stone.  One cairn, topped with a stone that looks vaguely like a rearing boar, contains a series of stone tombs.  Trapped within the penultimate tomb is the last King of Drogat Castle, his ancient body caught in an eddy of time that only  a skilled horomancer with the blessing of Donat (1309) could reverse.  His head still bears the pink 'swine' jeweled crown of Drogat Castle and allows the bearer to command manitcores. He is frozen in time prepetually reaching for the door to the tomb of an ancient patriarch of Donat (the door remains trapped with a similar temporal spell).  The tomb contians a feel guardian and a miraculous hourglass that allows the manipulation of time at the cost of life. If freed the Kign will be greatly disturbed by the Steward of Drogat Castle's greed, but will remain a gentleman at all times.

## 1710

The robot. Basic explorer droid repairing fusion powered hot air ballon. "Artie" came under fire, shortly after recording Ruins of Pelgar 2009, by unknown source(s) 1809. In desperate need of textiles to complete job and resume mission. More than willing to trade information for materials, also not adverse to using humanoid leather.

## 1717

These dry oak and bay forests are rife with with blackberry brambles.  The only evidence of human presence is the ocassional yellowed skull, set in the crotch of a tree.  The spirits are spiteful here and the forest is home to several murderous hermits who stalk lone travellers at thier direction.

## 1718

Grasses spotted with lilac and sage, jackrabbits and quail are abundant here.

## 1720

A rich town under the protection of Aeravir Castle, Lullwyn believes it has no need of trade or strangers.  It's reidents are incurious and always seem to be planning for a wedding or a festival that demands careful attention to the towns esoteric traditions and usually a naked race through the town streets by some segment of the populace. Outsiders are strictly forbidden from viewing or pratcipating in any of these civic festivals.

## 1723

More land newly reclaimed from the marshes for the glory of Aeravir Castle.  Great earthworks and massive sluicegates are being built to channel the Nesser here, by gangs of war captives and convicts who live a miserable existence among the stinking mudflats that will someday be rich farmland.  The mercenary guards, led by Otto the Punitive, an massive shirtless man with eight nipples who always wears a black executioner's hood, are somewhat worried that they haven't received word, pay or supplies from Aeravir Castle in several weeks.  The merceanries will desert soon and the penal slaves are becoming increasingly restless.  Otto and many of his men are secretly werewolves and have been preying on/recruiting from the dam workers.

## 1801

High cliffs, deceptive paths and overhanging, icicle covered rock ledge make these mountains extremely forbidding.

## 1803

128 cows walk unceasingly in a circle, Should a cow die (naturally or by the sword), another cow wanders in from the northeast and assumes its place, the dead being pummeled into the earth. The ground beneath their hooves is trampled to bloody, pulpy mud. In the middle of the circle, a strange rune has been burned into the earth.

## 1805

In the near-fabled Temple of Zhor, emaciated priests spend their days deciphering fever dreams brought on by consumption of the Yrr leaf.  Young acolytes are sent forth beyond the mountains to infiltrate settlements and work on bringing about the deciphered revelations of Zhor.

The priests will pay handsomely for Yrr leaf, which can be found growing on bog corpses in the Llewylla Moor (Hex 0214)

## 1818

A pack of coyotes feast on the arrow-riddled body of a goblin messenger. In his leather pouch is a letter to Gobo Rikleclan, a Goblin Prince, requesting assistance in the invasion of Ogon (Hex 0101).

## 1822

Farm was destroyed by a cult hunting werewolves. False tracks of children fleeing lead to an ambush.

## 1823

A finely made, fortified bridge crosses the Nesser here, guarded by a forbidding tollhouse, which seems strangely abandoned.  Beyond the river hardscrabble farmers break new ground for the lands of Aeravir Castle.  If questioned they say the guards at the Tollhouse were suddenly recalled to the castle, and that they have heard nothing from Aeravir Castle for several weeks.

## 1901

The cave bear. Ancient lord in his garden of bones and berries. Knowledge of the lost pathways known only by beasts. Disposition linked to the seasons: hungry (Spring), satiated (Summer), distracted (Fall), in dream (Winter).

## 1902

You shouldn't have found this place. Technologicaly advanced partially bipedal insect peoples. Their colony ship shunted a hostile dimension (Carcosa) with insufficient calculation now merged with the mountain. They near completion after a hundred generations, to return to the stars, but the arachnids 2002 have found them.

## 1907

A roving herd of Venomous Mountain Goats attack travellers on a mid-level mountain pass. Their wool is extremely toxic with an 85% chance of death if it comes in contact with bare skin.

## 1914

Largos Nomads - a hundred tiny villages, just a few families each dot these plains. Outsiders are shown the point of a barbarian spear more often than not. If you do manage to earn their loyalty, they'll back your plays, give aid and comfort, and occasionally follow you on your fool quest outside of their homelands. This is the same as 1915 and 2014.

## 1915

Largos Nomads - a hundred tiny villages, just a few families each dot these plains. Outsiders are shown the point of a barbarian spear more often than not. If you do manage to earn their loyalty, they'll back your plays, give aid and comfort, and occasionally follow you on your fool quest outside of their homelands. This is the same as 1914 and 2014.

## 1917

A young forest, pushing up through the burnt remains of a much older one.

## 1921

The entire hex has been burned to the ground and the land tilled with salt. In the center of the hex, a towering pillar of salt, pink and crystaline, pulses with a pale glow. Around the pillar are the emaciated bodies of hundreds of men, women, and children. A lone housecat weaves among the bodies. From one side of the pillar protudes a brass doorknob and the rough outline of a door is barely visible. Within ten minutes of the party's arrival, the housecat begins to scratch at the door. See also Hex 1609.

## 1922

Rich farmland, seemingly suddenly adandoned.  Tools rust in the fields and inside the neat cottages of the bondsmen food rests, rotting, uneaten on tables, and petty valuables remain undisturbed.

## 1923

Aeravir Castle - "The Unbreachable Fortress" is a huge pile of every concieveable archetectural whim and a compilation of the seige engineers art for thousands of years.  It's gates stand open, guarded by listless exhausted men, who are starving.  They speak of a curse that makes any who fall asleep fade from existence, while conversing with unseen strangers or pursued by unkown horrors. All that remains of the castle's population are those who have used magic or drugs to avoid sleep for several weeks, and they are going mad.  Most cling to the rituals of castle life, but all stumble like sleepwalkers and many have taken to painting a second set of open eyes on thier forheads in a vain effort to trick whatever is taking thier fellows.

## 2001

The grim, cold and high the mountains here are jagged spikes spliting the earth.  No paths or trails cut through them, and thier icy stones often give way, dropping travellers hundreds of feet to be impaled by spires of rock.

## 2002

Valley of the Spider. They came here as an egg sac attached to the Space Bug ship 1902. When the spiderlings hatched they made their way through the honeycomb passages to the base of the mountain to grow and build their nest. One strand at a time the weave  of the great web expanded across the countryside. Now the landscape is a mad network of silk highways connecting to the central hive. They have watched and waited as the Space Bugs rebuilt their ship. Now is the time to take it and return to Carcosa. The wrongness of their presence in this dimension (also genetic influence) has infected the arachnids for hundreds of miles. All flesh must be eaten.

## 2003

Ettin Olympics. The present event is antelope bombardment. Presided over from the centrally located judges stand and observation towers. Teams currently in play: Grak-Nash (Brown; antlers; reigning champions) and Meh-Lerg (Green;Crocodile)

## 2004

Grasslands and meadows, home to heards of small large eyed antelope.  At their center is a large stone disk, like a giant plug; a deep humming can be heard pulsing rythimically from the earth around it.

## 2010

A great pillar of light nacreous stone has been driven into the rocky earth here as if it fell from a great height.  It stands 40' tall and resembles the pillars of the Baleful Sign.  Anyone with knowledge of the area, such as the nomads to the South 2014, will say the pillars was absent in the recent past.

## 2011

Mooncalf, a potent monsterous sorcerer from the moon has holed up in an old tomb carved into the side of this imposingly bare mountain.  Mooncalf appears as a centuar like figure with a lower body of dappled pale fungus and eyes that glow with white fire.  He has been sent by the masters of the moon to reactivate an ancient army of moon men (now the unsuspecting residents of Angleae) to continue a war of spite and destruction.  Mooncalf knows the correct order of glyphs to activate the Baleful Sign and will do so to destory Angleae and its people if he discovers them in thier degenerate state.  He is pained by gravity, depressed at being forever exiled from his home, and confused by the profusion of life on the terrestial sphere.  Mooncalf will trade sorcerous knowledge and euphoria producing moon fungus, golden pearls and starstuff for information on the wereabout of the Baleful Sign, captive locals to interrogate or allies to do his masters' spiteful bidding.

## 2014

Largos Nomads - a hundred tiny villages, just a few families each dot these plains. Outsiders are shown the point of a barbarian spear more often than not. If you do manage to earn their loyalty, they'll back your plays, give aid and comfort, and occasionally follow you on your fool quest outside of their homelands. This is the same as 1914 and 1915.

## 2015

The forest of misfit gods.

## 2018

Duffyd, the Petty Goddess of Heroic Dreams of Groveling Cowards, is currently residing in a small ceramic tureen on the third step of the altar. Should a groveling coward come with twenty feet of Her current domicile, She will manifest and promise a boon to anyone who retrieves a silver band from a harpy's talon and returns it to her. There is a 50% chance this is a false promise.

## 2019

A band of cultists are about to burn a small girl at the stake. The girl is bound in silver chains and writhes in pain, her mouth foaming. She is having a seizure.

## 2020

The 'Green Men of Erwyn', a band of forest 28 skulking killers for hire, secrative and much opposed to the rule of the Steward of Drogat Castle have set up a secret camp here in preparation of patrolling South towards Aeravir Castle.  They are heavily armed with finely made longbows, a variety of poision arrows and other weapons of assassination.  They may consider future comissions but have been hired by a strange made in a black mask ( 1017)) to scout the lands around the castle and are unavailable for at least two weeks.  They aren't above a bit of robbery, murder and torture as a sideline to 'keep thier skills sharp'.

## 2021

A Regal Devil in a the clothes of a courtier and with a marble mask that always mirror the face of the viewer has the ability to grant victory in battle.  For the price of a soul he will augment a warriors abilities so that during the next combat all attacks by the warrior will do maximum damage and gain +4 to hit.  He dwells simply and without acosting the local farmers in an abandoned but fastidious shrine and is well know to the soldiers of Aeravir Castle, he is currently rather lonely and unaware of the local sleeping curse.

## 2022

The road to Aeravir Castle runs through these formerly resplendent farmlands.  Now farm carts, piled high with sprouting and moulderd grain are abandoned on it, with oxen dead in the traces.  A through search of the road will reveal the pack of an apothecary out of Aeravir Castle which describes a curse that pulls the sleeping into the world of thier own dreams.  The apothecaries efforts to treat citizens in the castle failed, but sustaining herself with stong stimulants (there are several vials of foul smelling powder in the pack) she managed to fend of sleep for some weeks.  The writing shows signs of maddness toward the journal's end, but the apothecary came to the conclusion that Aeravir Castle was cursed and that the sleeping sickness was regional rather then a disease - she aparently failed to make it far enough out of town before falling asleep.

## 2023

Aeravir Castle - A great wall, nearly 150' high stretches around the fortress town of Aeravir Castle, but the gates here are unguarded and smoke rises from within.  The town burns, mostly abandoned, as it's residents have disappeared into thier dreams whenever they fall asleep.  The few remaining citizens are burning thier valuables (and many shops, homes and businesses) in an effort to apease whatever demon or god is responsible for this curse.  They are mad eyed and have kept themselves awake for weeks with crude spells and dangerous alchemical stimulants.  They will react badly to efforts to loot the town.

